Evaluation
Check-Ins: There will be three check-ins and 1 deadline for the course: the 6-week check-in, 12-week check-in, 18-week check-in and the Learning Cycle Deadline. If you are going to miss a check-in or deadline due to extenuating circumstances, i.e. family member becomes ill, please reach out to mentors in advance to create a plan to catch up with the course and notify LaunchCode staff that you have a plan to catch up. It will be difficult to keep up with the class if you fall behind, so these check-ins are meant to help people stay on track.

6-week Check-in: Assignments due in the first six weeks of class and expectations outlined by Mentors should be completed by midnight on Sunday March 3rd. Any student who does not meet check-in requirements and has not set up an Improvement Plan will be asked to withdraw from the course.
12-week Check-in: Assignments due in the second six weeks of class and expectations outlined by Mentors should be completed by midnight on Sunday April 14th. Any student who does not meet check-in requirements and has not set up an Improvement Plan will be asked to withdraw from the course.
18-week Check-in: Expectations outlined by Mentors should be completed by midnight on Sunday May 26th. Any student who does not meet check-in requirements will be required to set up an Improvement Plan.
Learning Cycle Deadline: All assignments must be complete by midnight on July 14th in order to receive a certificate at the CoderGirl graduation ceremony and receive priority enrollment in the Project Cycle. Any student who does not meet the deadline:
Will be able to receive their certificates at a later date pending assignment completion.
Will be enrolled into the Project Cycle pending assignment completion, capacity of the class, and timeline.
May still pursue LaunchCode's Apprenticeship Program. Students will still be required to meet LaunchCode Apprenticeship expectations.
[Note] The check-in dates and learning cycle deadline are subject to change depending on the course progress.

Attendance
Attendance is required. If you must miss a class, please notify your mentors and Jessi in advance. If you do not let your mentors know, then your absence is unexcused.

If you have three unexcused absences, you will receive notification from LaunchCode that you are currently at three unexcused absences.
If you have five unexcused absences, you may be asked to withdraw from the course.
Communication
You have ownership over your CoderGirl path, and everyone's path and experience is different. Your role and responsibility is to put effort into your classwork and experience. Our ultimate goal is see you get through this class with your new tech skills!

CoderGirl Mentors and LaunchCode Staff are here to support you through this learning journey. Please communicate your successes, your struggles, your hopes and your needs. Let us know how you're doing!

You got this!